this event one fall with a ten-minute
time to meet us but to make you know
Duggan you must believe that you're
dealing with a novice as long as you're
out here with any illegal foreign object
such as boards etc I'm not bringing
Kamala downs and nor will I come down
but second if you choose to play the
game that way I want to remind you that
Kamala was once a great line hunter in
his native Uganda right now he carries
the spear only as a ceremonial object
but I must remind you Tucker he can use
that spear anyway said he wants to use
it which means simply that with all my
resources if I have to bring in the one
man damn killer con a multitude of
heavyweight wrestlers incidentally Jimmy
I'll see you owe me a favor
we'll get it done Duggan it's you and I
and itself cannot survive the both of us
and with that cowboy Bill Watts coming
out of retirement I know what that means
I know exactly who the Allies on the
other side it's going to be but don't
ever count me out
because I made a fool out of you what's
mid-south and Duggan I've got plans for
you like never before so don't turn your
black fella because it's gonna mean the
end of your career you'll be pushing
pencils and join the rest of the
handicapped people in this world this
tag-team event one fall 10 minute time
to meet in the red corner the mid-south
tag team champions Ted DiBiase and dr.
death Steve Williams
from Miami Florida
Brickhouse Brown and you from Marietta
Georgia Fred - aw what a matchup is
gonna be ladies and gentlemen the
mid-south tag team captain Ted DiBiase
dr. death there you see him don't get
spread are thrown to the green tights
and of course his partner Deary press
will Brickhouse Brown is Armstrong at
DiBiase certain no strangers to each
other
starting this confrontation toll a
tremendous tag-team battle we are about
to see once again right here on
mid-south wrestling you get to see main
event caliber wrestling's in action
right in your own living room I'll tell
you there's nothing like it in the live
arenas it's fun to watch on television
but you get out or watch a match DiBiase
Swilley taking over on Brad Armstrong
our sounds including ourselves of the
casino boys club the free boy with house
crowd of dad I'm sorry played great tag
team both of them tremendous athletes
they both complement each child each
other's styles quite well and they've
been teaming together in the mid-south
for the past couple of months they
really have have gotten their strategy
and their tactics down their timing
everything's together with these two I
think they're on an all-time high right
now and I think that if the elements
right we may see an upset here
all right wholly agree will you go there
record in a 90% tie late Armstrong's he
is trying to cooking with gas hero
mid-south wrestling baby I see quickly
turns the tables on Brad Armstrong using
the ropes to his advantage
Oh phenomenal clothesline by dr. nasty
wails whoo
very very near fall in that situation
DiBiase's changes momentum very very
tactfully sometimes dr. death changes
momentum very physically most of the
time Oh dr. death went to the leg drop
and missed it Brickhouse Brown is loose
absurd walking tall dr. death tags asset
ted dibiase he's got a serious eye
laceration he really got hammered ted
dibiase off that second rope I'm with
Ted DiBiase in mouth against Brickhouse
Brown so you may lose they hit the nail
on the head
dr. Dan's got a tremendous lacerates
5-row our moments and we really nail
this the dr. nesic rough and tough
competitor though he knows how to go
with that pain that's what's always made
him a cut above the rest
Brickhouse Brown from industry keep
Aaron out but dr. dance he is vicious in
this encounter
ogwuche dr. death goes to flip the
shoulder to break a sprout dr. Ned
wisely going and making the tags both
men have tagged up now Brad Armstrong in
best man and against Ted DiBiase in fact
to death now all formative of the
rainbow Freddy's gotta get this thing
woken up that's easier said than done
these forehead plates are getting it on
just thank your for Red's out rata son
watches
well DiBiase's figure-four was from
warplane but Armstrong was unconscious
dr. nassif lower the arm brace and he
really nailed him there you see the
winner of the mid-south tag team
champions and we'll be back while
hacksaw jim duggan right after the